# CS-370-7-2-Portfolio
CS-370-T3352-Current-Emerging-Trends-in-CS7-2-Portfolio. 
For this project we were provided with a starter code and a sample environment where our pirate agent would be placed. We were tasked to create a deep Q-learning algorithm to train your pirate agent. Also we were tasked to write a design defense that demonstrates our understanding of A.I. fundamental concepts that are involved in creating and training an intelligent agent. Trial and error is how learning is has been done for all of history and is described as any attempt to soulve a given problem in different ways until you have achieved 100% completion or the proper final result. With an intelligent agent it tries to solve the given problem using any number of random paths or solutions until it discover the best steps to solving the said problem, in this case the pirate making it through the maze to reach the treasure.

Why does Computer Scientist matter? We design, develop, and analyze the software and hardware to solve problems in all kinds of business, industry, scientific, and social contexts. Also, because computers are so prolific in just about every aspect of our modern lives to solve problems and as tools to enrich our lives, there is a critical human component to computer science, and even more when it comes to the development of A.I. ANd as an eventual Computer Scientist, problem solving is basically approced in four simple steps, understand your probem, create a step by step plan, then enact the plan and adjust as necessary, and perform and after action critique for lessons learned that you can carry forward to future problems. 

In today's politically charged climate, ethical business conduct is a moral imperative for you and the business you may work for, and in most cases it may be required by law. This is especially critical when dealing with the creation of A.I. as human faults such as discrimination and bias and be accidentally or deliberately programed into the A.I. And aside from the social and political blowback there is also the detrment to humanity aslo. A.I. has the potential to lift humanity up, and could usher in a new Golden Age for humanity. An age where the longevity of our species is lengthened, poverty and disease eliminated and we are left to pursue new frontiers such as venturing out into the solar system and beyond. Yet if A.I. is constantly demonized, due to poor ethical choices, we may never achive our wildest dreams. 
